well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so i guess we're going to talk about
michigan right kind of have to seems
important
so we're going to do that we're going to
talk about what almost happened
why it almost happened and what it
foreshadows
see there are people in this country who
are attempting to energize their base
and that's a thing it's normal
it occurs every time there's an election
the problem is they're using rhetoric
that is so divisive so extreme in nature
that uh it's energizing people to do
something else and they've subjected
the populace to this rhetoric for four
years
for four years this is what it leads to
this is what it leads to and in my
opinion there are two people that hold
a whole lot more responsibility for this
than others it's the president the vice
president
because they refuse to commit to a
peaceful transfer of power
see when the average american hears that
i think that they're picturing that
cool congratulatory phone call from the
loser to the winner
and that committing to a peaceful
transfer of power means that they're not
going to like go through legal battles
that's not the question
the question is will you commit to a
peaceful transfer of power and the
answer is no
they won't commit to it so the answer is
no avoiding the question
doesn't mean anything the answer is no
because they won't commit to it that
sends a message
to go along with all that rhetoric force
is on the table
here you go
the attempted snatch of a governor
to spark it to get that show on the road
and there's a lot of people who think
that's a good idea
yeah okay see
in the u.s we've been insulated from it
for so long
to a lot of people that's just something
that happens in movies or something that
happens
over there it's not real but see
i think a lot of americans remember when
it happened to contractors
over there remember the footage
see that's a pretty plausible outcome
from these events
that's something that could have
occurred
how would you feel when it's an american
on american soil on their knees
bag over their head begging and it's
being done doing by another american
what's the reaction going to be
it's a very real possibility and yeah
they failed this time
but they're allowed to they're allowed
to they're allowed to hit and miss
their opposition those trying to stop
them they have to hit every single time
because it only takes once it only takes
once
to cause things to spin out of control
to cause things to
hit that point of no return because once
it starts it's really hard to stop
because the back and forth starts
and it's small little groups
we need to take a step back
and sadly the person who can
accomplish that step back the fastest
is somebody who has shown for years that
they don't actually have the ability to
lead
they don't even understand that their
statements are the cause of this yeah
that rhetoric started before this
administration
but they certainly ratcheted it up trump
ratcheted it up
pitted american against an american for
his own personal gain
and it's going to be him
if if we want to walk this back in the
next 30 days and i strongly think it
should be
it's got to be him he has to come out
and condemn this and
commit to a peaceful transfer of power
because if he doesn't if he just comes
out and condemns it it doesn't mean
anything
because they'll take that as oh well he
had to say that for political reasons
but you notice he says force is still on
the table
he has to commit to a peaceful transfer
of power he has to own this
try to unite the country instead of
divide
he can redeem his whole presidency by
doing this
because right now he set the stage with
all this rhetoric of make america great
apparently by undermining all of
america's core principles
everything that has helped this country
it's got to be him sadly he's a man who
has spent his entire administration
defending the indefensible and refusing
to condemn the things that
need to be condemned
has to commit to a peaceful transfer of
power
or we may have another incident like
this we may have something else happen
like this
and they might get it right
they might succeed nobody wants that
nobody who's actually familiar with it
wants that
and it's really hard to stop once it
starts
the president of the united states has
to come out and commit to a peaceful
transfer of power
it's not a game it's not a movie
that's where we're at and where we're
headed
is into some very dark water
if you watch this channel long enough
you know i am not a fan of electoral
politics
voting is the least effective form of
civic engagement
trump has to lose in a landslide
i am not a partisan person i'm not a
democrat
i have never said that a president could
be the downfall
of the country
i do not know if the u.s will make it
if the president is reelected because he
doesn't have the ability to clean up the
mess he has created
through his rhetoric
it is incredibly important that trump
lose
big
and if you are part of the trump
administration
you have any influence he has to commit
to a peaceful transfer of power
he has to tone this down and that's the
way to do it send the message that force
is off the table
because the message he is sending by
refusing to commit
to a peaceful transfer of power is that
using force
to seize or retain power is okay
people hear what he's not saying
this president hasn't made america great
he has brought it to its knees
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day